welcome to day one of the green flight
challenge at the Charles Schulz airport
in Sonoma County this event is sponsored
by Google and NASA will be awarding 1.65
million dollars to the winner teams have
arrived from as far away as Slovenia to
compete with their planes designed to be
quiet practical and green alternative
fuels such as hydrogen and electricity
will be featured today the teams will be
weighing in their planes and getting
inspected for safety and certification
as well as meeting all contest criteria
this will be a very interesting week
with these unusual flying machines we
could be witnessing the future and
aviation here at the green flight
challenge
you